scripts/Bridge_vba.md, before:

# VBA Project: **Combo-Link**
## VBA Module: **[Bridge](/scripts/Bridge.vba "source is here")**
### Type: StdModule  

This procedure list for repo (Combo-Link) was automatically created on 16/05/2018 20:28:47 by VBAGit.
For more information see the [desktop liberation site](http://ramblings.mcpher.com/Home/excelquirks/drivesdk/gettinggithubready "desktop liberation")

Below is a section for each procedure in Bridge

---
VBA Procedure: **Debug_msg**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Boolean**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function Debug_msg(ByVal msg As String, Optional ByVal code As String = "null", Optional ByVal request As String = "null") As Boolean*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Variant|True||
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **Initialize**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub Initialize()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **IREC**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub IREC()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **StringMult**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **String**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function StringMult(ByVal Word As String, ByVal Multiply As Integer) As String*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Integer|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **addCellData**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Variant**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function addCellData(ByVal mode As String, ByVal sheet As String, ByVal min As Integer, ByVal max As Integer, ByVal rawData As String, ByVal topLeft As Integer, ByVal forceLast As Boolean)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Integer|False||
ByVal|Integer|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Integer|False||
ByVal|Boolean|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_save**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub AttendanceData_save()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **UpdateAttendanceList**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub UpdateAttendanceList(Optional ByVal save As Boolean = True)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_load**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub AttendanceData_load()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **ScanCommonError**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub ScanCommonError()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **PositionAttendanceColomnButtons**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub PositionAttendanceColomnButtons(Optional ByVal colomn As Integer = 0)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **GetMonth**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **String**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function GetMonth(ByVal number As Integer) As String*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Integer|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **FindMember**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Variant**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function FindMember(ByVal firstName As String, ByVal lastName As String, Optional ByVal matchCase As Boolean = True)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **References_RemoveMissing**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub References_RemoveMissing()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **IsInArray**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Boolean**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function IsInArray(stringToBeFound As String, arr As Variant) As Boolean*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
stringToBeFound|String|False||
arr|Variant|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **Calculations_Off**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Long**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function Calculations_Off() As Long*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **Calculations_On**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub Calculations_On(ByVal lastCalcValue As Long)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Long|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **CountMembers**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Variant**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function CountMembers()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**

Commit message:

Ludicruis Number Optimisation
Combo Link has been tweeked to accept a long type number is any sort of field. Image 2,147,483,647 members and 2,147,483,647 days in one spreadsheet. This also comes along with minor optimisation between operations(When you have 40 000 members and a month proccessing gets done in 5sec). But I am still not satisfide with those figures, needs more speed.

scripts/Bridge_vba.md, after:

# VBA Project: **Combo-Link**
## VBA Module: **[Bridge](/scripts/Bridge.vba "source is here")**
### Type: StdModule  

This procedure list for repo (Combo-Link) was automatically created on 31/07/2018 23:42:56 by VBAGit.
For more information see the [desktop liberation site](http://ramblings.mcpher.com/Home/excelquirks/drivesdk/gettinggithubready "desktop liberation")

Below is a section for each procedure in Bridge

---
VBA Procedure: **Debug_msg**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Boolean**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function Debug_msg(ByVal msg As String, Optional ByVal code As String = "null", Optional ByVal request As String = "null") As Boolean*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Variant|True||
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **Initialize**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub Initialize()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **IREC**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub IREC()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **StringMult**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **String**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function StringMult(ByVal Word As String, ByVal Multiply As Long) As String*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Long|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **addCellData**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Variant**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function addCellData(ByVal mode As String, ByVal sheet As String, ByVal min As Long, ByVal max As Long, ByVal rawData As String, ByVal topLeft As Long, ByVal forceLast As Boolean)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Long|False||
ByVal|Long|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Long|False||
ByVal|Boolean|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_save**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub AttendanceData_save()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **UpdateAttendanceList**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub UpdateAttendanceList(Optional ByVal save As Boolean = True)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_load**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub AttendanceData_load()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **ScanCommonError**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub ScanCommonError()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **PositionAttendanceColomnButtons**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub PositionAttendanceColomnButtons(Optional ByVal colomn As Long = 0)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **GetMonth**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **String**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function GetMonth(ByVal number As Long) As String*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Long|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **FindMember**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Variant**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function FindMember(ByVal firstName As String, ByVal lastName As String, Optional ByVal matchCase As Boolean = True)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **References_RemoveMissing**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Sub References_RemoveMissing()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **IsInArray**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Boolean**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function IsInArray(stringToBeFound As String, arr As Variant) As Boolean*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
stringToBeFound|String|False||
arr|Variant|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **Calculations_Off**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Long**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function Calculations_Off() As Long*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **Calculations_On**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub Calculations_On(ByVal lastCalcValue As Long)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Long|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **CountMembers**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Long**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function CountMembers() As Long*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **JoinDetailNames**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Variant**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function JoinDetailNames() As String()*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
As|Variant|False||
