scripts/FunctionGraveyard_vba.md, before:

# VBA Project: **Combo-Link**
## VBA Module: **[FunctionGraveyard](/scripts/FunctionGraveyard.vba "source is here")**
### Type: StdModule  

This procedure list for repo (Combo-Link) was automatically created on 16/05/2018 20:28:47 by VBAGit.
For more information see the [desktop liberation site](http://ramblings.mcpher.com/Home/excelquirks/drivesdk/gettinggithubready "desktop liberation")

Below is a section for each procedure in FunctionGraveyard

---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_save_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub AttendanceData_save_v1()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_load_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub AttendanceData_load_v1()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **UpdateAttendanceList_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub UpdateAttendanceList_v1(Optional ByVal save As Boolean = True)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_save_v2**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub AttendanceData_save_v2()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_load_v2**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub AttendanceData_load_v2()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**

Commit message:

Ludicruis Number Optimisation
Combo Link has been tweeked to accept a long type number is any sort of field. Image 2,147,483,647 members and 2,147,483,647 days in one spreadsheet. This also comes along with minor optimisation between operations(When you have 40 000 members and a month proccessing gets done in 5sec). But I am still not satisfide with those figures, needs more speed.

scripts/FunctionGraveyard_vba.md, after:

# VBA Project: **Combo-Link**
## VBA Module: **[FunctionGraveyard](/scripts/FunctionGraveyard.vba "source is here")**
### Type: StdModule  

This procedure list for repo (Combo-Link) was automatically created on 31/07/2018 23:42:56 by VBAGit.
For more information see the [desktop liberation site](http://ramblings.mcpher.com/Home/excelquirks/drivesdk/gettinggithubready "desktop liberation")

Below is a section for each procedure in FunctionGraveyard

---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_save_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub AttendanceData_save_v1()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_load_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub AttendanceData_load_v1()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **UpdateAttendanceList_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub UpdateAttendanceList_v1(Optional ByVal save As Boolean = True)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_save_v2**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub AttendanceData_save_v2()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **AttendanceData_load_v2**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub AttendanceData_load_v2()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **CountMembers_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Long**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Public Function CountMembers_v1() As Long*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**
