scripts/Utillities_vba.md, before:

# VBA Project: **Combo-Link**
## VBA Module: **[Utillities](/scripts/Utillities.vba "source is here")**
### Type: StdModule  

This procedure list for repo (Combo-Link) was automatically created on 16/05/2018 20:28:47 by VBAGit.
For more information see the [desktop liberation site](http://ramblings.mcpher.com/Home/excelquirks/drivesdk/gettinggithubready "desktop liberation")

Below is a section for each procedure in Utillities

---
VBA Procedure: **Debug_msg_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Boolean**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function Debug_msg_v1(ByVal msg As String, Optional ByVal code As String = "null", Optional ByVal request As String = "null") As Boolean*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Variant|True||
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **Calculations_Off_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Long**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function Calculations_Off_v1() As Long*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **Calculations_On_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub Calculations_On_v1(ByVal lastCalcValue As Long)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Long|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **IsInArray_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Boolean**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function IsInArray_v1(stringToBeFound As String, arr As Variant) As Boolean*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
stringToBeFound|String|False||
arr|Variant|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **GetMonth_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **String**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function GetMonth_v1(ByVal number As Integer, Optional ByVal longName As Boolean = False) As String*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Integer|False||
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **StringMult_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **String**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function StringMult_v1(ByVal Word As String, ByVal Multiply As Integer) As String*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Integer|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **addCellData_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Variant**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function addCellData_v1(ByVal mode As String, ByVal sheet As String, ByVal min As Integer, ByVal max As Integer, ByVal rawData As String, ByVal topLeft As Integer, ByVal forceLast As Boolean)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Integer|False||
ByVal|Integer|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Integer|False||
ByVal|Boolean|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **References_RemoveMissing_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub References_RemoveMissing_v1()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **ScanCommonError_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub ScanCommonError_v1()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**

Commit message:

Ludicruis Number Optimisation
Combo Link has been tweeked to accept a long type number is any sort of field. Image 2,147,483,647 members and 2,147,483,647 days in one spreadsheet. This also comes along with minor optimisation between operations(When you have 40 000 members and a month proccessing gets done in 5sec). But I am still not satisfide with those figures, needs more speed.

scripts/Utillities_vba.md, after:

# VBA Project: **Combo-Link**
## VBA Module: **[Utillities](/scripts/Utillities.vba "source is here")**
### Type: StdModule  

This procedure list for repo (Combo-Link) was automatically created on 31/07/2018 23:42:56 by VBAGit.
For more information see the [desktop liberation site](http://ramblings.mcpher.com/Home/excelquirks/drivesdk/gettinggithubready "desktop liberation")

Below is a section for each procedure in Utillities

---
VBA Procedure: **Debug_msg_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Boolean**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function Debug_msg_v1(ByVal msg As String, Optional ByVal code As String = "null", Optional ByVal request As String = "null") As Boolean*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Variant|True||
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **Calculations_Off_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Long**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function Calculations_Off_v1() As Long*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **Calculations_On_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub Calculations_On_v1(ByVal lastCalcValue As Long)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Long|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **IsInArray_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Boolean**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function IsInArray_v1(stringToBeFound As String, arr As Variant) As Boolean*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
stringToBeFound|String|False||
arr|Variant|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **GetMonth_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **String**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function GetMonth_v1(ByVal number As Long, Optional ByVal longName As Boolean = False) As String*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|Long|False||
ByVal|Variant|True||


---
VBA Procedure: **StringMult_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **String**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function StringMult_v1(ByVal Word As String, ByVal Multiply As Long) As String*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Long|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **addCellData_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Variant**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function addCellData_v1(ByVal mode As String, ByVal sheet As String, ByVal min As Long, ByVal max As Long, ByVal rawData As String, ByVal topLeft As Long, ByVal forceLast As Boolean)*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Long|False||
ByVal|Long|False||
ByVal|String|False||
ByVal|Long|False||
ByVal|Boolean|False||


---
VBA Procedure: **References_RemoveMissing_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub References_RemoveMissing_v1()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **ScanCommonError_v1**  
Type: **Sub**  
Returns: **void**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Sub ScanCommonError_v1()*  

**no arguments required for this procedure**


---
VBA Procedure: **JoinDetailNames_v1**  
Type: **Function**  
Returns: **Variant**  
Return description: ****  
Scope: **Public**  
Description: ****  

*Function JoinDetailNames_v1() As String()*  

*name*|*type*|*optional*|*default*|*description*
---|---|---|---|---
As|Variant|False||
